Why did this original warehouse become a mother store?
I don't know, I don't know. This must be meant to harm me.
Have you rested? What harm can I do if I am alone?
Oops, I didn’t expect you to be this kind of person,
I originally wanted to strengthen cooperation with your Wang family.
Youshao, please help me, these things are not harmful.
Liu Jia has a great career, will he rely on fraud to establish his foundation?
It seems clear now.
This departure must have something to do with the Wang family.
Please you must believe me
This matter has nothing to do with our Wang family.
Because we are partners
You must not refuse to help me even if you say nothing.
One-tenth of the Yuan hour every year in our Liu family
I’ve already seen it in the belly of your Wang family.
Let me take care of your Wang family's belly.
In terms of up and down
Just wait until you enter the station and tell the people inside.
smuggling, counterfeiting
You can't get away with any of these crimes.
Liu Shao Liu Shao
Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters
Six Young Masters Six Young Masters
Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters
Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters Six Young Masters